4.21.0.0 release notes updates (#549)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/releasenotes/about.rst

What's New in |release|
=======================

Apache CloudStack |release| is a 4.21 Regular release with 15 new features,
around 40 improvements and more than 150 bug fixes since the 4.20.1.0 release.
Some of the highlights include:

> • CloudStack Extensions Framework and Orchestrate Anything extension, with built-in extensions for Proxmox and Hyper-V

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• CloudStack Extensions Framework - Introducing Orchestrator extension, with inbuilt extensions for Proxmox and Hyper-V
```

Reviewer: cc @rohityadavcloud @msinhore if you've a better phrase here

• GPU Integration with KVM in CloudStack (Technical Preview)
• Netris Network Plugin Integration
• Cloudian HyperStore Object Store Plugin Integration
• CloudStack Kubernetes Service (CKS) Enhancements
• Create Instance from Backup
• Instance Lease (Automatic Stop/Deletion)
• Backup and Object Storage Limits

> • Virtual Trusted Platform Module (vTPM) Support

Reviewer: Should this be a little higher in the list?

Author: same as above ^^^

> • Support for KVM on s390x (IBM Z and LinuxONE) architecture

Reviewer: Not sure about highlighting this but I don't know of compatibility

Author: agree, PR is in & seems tested

• Management Server Maintenance Mode
• Incremental Volume Snapshots for KVM
• File-Based Disk-Only Instance Snapshots with KVM
• Reconciliation of VM and Volume Copy/Migrate operations for KVM agent
• Storage Access Groups
• Volume Allocation Algorithm Support
• VMware to KVM migration improvements

> • Storage plugins - Ceph, PowerFlex, StorPool, Linstor related fixes and improvements

Reviewer: There was some StorPool related improvement around cross-zone stuff, not sure if it can be highlighted

• Several UI fixes and improvements, including Deploy Instance Form, Announcement Banner, etc

The full list of new features can be found in the project release notes at

> https://docs.cloudstack.apache.org/en/4.21.0.0/releasenotes/changes.html

Reviewer: Do we need to mention issue around, https://github.com/apache/cloudstack/pull/11522?

Author: @DaanHoogland can you advise, what's the best place to put this as a known issue

Author: updated
